add boolean expressions syntactic sugar notes in docs (#3510)
hasura/graphql-engine: docs/graphql/manual/queries/query-filters.rst

      }
    }

.. note::

>   The ``_or`` operator expects an array of expressions as input. Passing an object to it will result in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The ``_or`` operator expects an array of expressions as input. If you pass a single object with multiple keys, then the expression resolves to the ``AND`` of the individual key expressions.
```

Author: The example should make this obvious, spelling out the behaviour verbally has no real value as nobody is going to use this behaviour anyway. Just being aware that this will not work as expected with an understanding why it is so
 is good enough

      }
    }

.. note::

  The ``_or`` operator expects an array of expressions as input. See the :ref:`API reference <OrExp>` for details on

>   the behaviour if an object is passed as input

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  the behaviour if an object is passed as input.
```
